Gradle always has upper version alignment (#1227)
GoogleCloudPlatform/cloud-opensource-java: docs/JLBP-0016.md

For multi-module projects, this best practice assumes you have already applied
[JLBP-15](JLBP-0015.md), so that your project has a BOM.

Upper version alignment means that when more than one version of a dependency
is present in a module's dependency tree, the build system selects
the highest version. Upper version alignment ensures that when packages are
upgraded to higher versions which don’t make any breaking changes,
there are no new linkage conflicts.

## Achieving upper version alignment

Upper version alignment increases the likelihood that consumers' build systems
select the right versions of direct and transitive dependencies, reducing the
number of conflicts.

> Gradle always chooses the highest version it finds in the dependency graph,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gradle by default chooses the highest version it finds in the dependency graph,
```

Gradle can select old versions when it's configured to do so.

Author: How would it be so configured?

Reviewer: Adding constraints https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/java_platform_plugin.html#sec:java_platform_consumption or import BOMs with enforcedPlatform.
